Feature #2282 coord_release_docs (#2288)
dtcenter/METplus: docs/Release_Guide/index.rst

This METplus Release Guide provides detailed instructions for METplus
developers for creating software releases for the METplus component
repositories.

.. note:: This Release Guide is intended for developers creating
          releases and is not intended for users of the software.

.. _releaseTypes:

Release Types
=============

Coordinated Release
-------------------

A METplus coordinated release is a group of official or bugfix releases for each
of the METplus components that have been developed and tested in parallel.
Coordinated release announcements on the
`DTC METplus Downloads <https://dtcenter.org/community-code/metplus/download>`_
page link to the component releases that comprise the coordinated release.
When bugfix releases are issued for any METplus component, the corresponding
coordinated release announcement is updated to link to the most recent bugfix
version.

Official Release
----------------

> An official release is a stable release of a METplus component and is basically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An official release is a stable release of a METplus component and typically matches
```

Instructions Summary
====================

Instructions are provided for the following types of software releases:

#. **Coordinated Release** consisting of a group of software component releases

> #. **Official Release** (e.g. vX.Y.Z) from the develop branch (becomes the new main_vX.Y branch)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. **Official Release** (e.g. vX.Y.0) from the develop branch (becomes the new main_vX.Y branch)
```
